102-notes/class-01.md, before:

## Class 01 Notes

**What is Markdown?**

- Markdown is a lightweight markup language used to add formatting elements to plaintext text documents.  This reminds me of pseudocode in that the syntax isn't strict and you are able to choose options to display certain elements.

**Why use Markdown?**

- Markdown is extremely versatile in that it can be utilized for everything.
- Portable so you don't have to tailor text to a specific design when transitioning to something different. Because of this, it is future proof as you'll be able to use Markdown text with potentially new documentation.
- Discord uses it so it's pretty convenient.

**Common formatting used in Markdown**
>Found on this page [Markdown GitHub Link](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#styling-text)

- **Headings**
    1. # - Heading 1 (Largest)
    2. ## - Heading 2 
    3. ### - Heading 3
    4. #### - Heading 4
    5. ##### - Heading 5
    6. ###### - Heading 6 (Smallest)

- ***Bold & Italicized***
    - Asterisks ('*')
        1. Italic - *Italic*
        2. Bold - **Bold**
    - Underscore ('_')
        1. Italic - _Italic_
        2. Bold - __Bold__

## Link
> These notes are located here [Class-01 notes](https://github.com/HighMid/reading-notes/blob/main/102-notes/class-01.md)

## Underordered List

You can make an unordered list by preceding one or more lines of text with `-`, `*`, or `+`.

- George Washington
* John Adams
+ Thomas Jefferson

Commit message:

Changes to class-01.md, added more explanation to Links.

102-notes/class-01.md, after:

## Class 01 Notes

**What is Markdown?**

- Markdown is a lightweight markup language used to add formatting elements to plaintext text documents.  This reminds me of pseudocode in that the syntax isn't strict and you are able to choose options to display certain elements.

**Why use Markdown?**

- Markdown is extremely versatile in that it can be utilized for everything.
- Portable so you don't have to tailor text to a specific design when transitioning to something different. Because of this, it is future proof as you'll be able to use Markdown text with potentially new documentation.
- Discord uses it so it's pretty convenient.

**Common formatting used in Markdown**
>Found on this page [Markdown GitHub Link](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#styling-text)

- **Headings**
    1. # - Heading 1 (Largest)
    2. ## - Heading 2 
    3. ### - Heading 3
    4. #### - Heading 4
    5. ##### - Heading 5
    6. ###### - Heading 6 (Smallest)

- ***Bold & Italicized***
    - Asterisks ('*')
        1. Italic - *Italic*
        2. Bold - **Bold**
    - Underscore ('_')
        1. Italic - _Italic_
        2. Bold - __Bold__

## Link
> These notes are located here [Class-01 notes](https://github.com/HighMid/reading-notes/blob/main/102-notes/class-01.md)

- Links are made doing this '[**Insert text description**](**Path to file/link**)'

## Underordered List

You can make an unordered list by preceding one or more lines of text with `-`, `*`, or `+`.

- George Washington
* John Adams
+ Thomas Jefferson
