## Ethics in tech

### [The Code Im still ashamed of](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-code-im-still-ashamed-of-e4c021dff55e)

- This article talks about a programmer who, during his younger days was absolutely enticed by coding and went to go do it as a career. He was employed at a marketing firm in Toronto whos main clients were pharmaceutical companies. During this time he was given requirements for a quiz that was targetted towards female teenagers, which in itself isn't bad however it largely depends on the product that is being pushed. It seemed that in Canada there are strict standards that limits pharmaceutical companies ability to directly advertise prescription drugs directly to their consumers. His PM brought up the quiz results and concluded that more often than not the quiz always recommended the drug with the exception if being allergic to it. This did set some alarms in his head however, he brushed it off which in hindsight is terrible but if I were to go into 21 year old me, I most likely wouldn't have thought anything of it as well. There were news that one of the girls that tried the product ended up unaliving themselves and this brought up the results of the code he wrote. 

    - My thoughts on this is well, disgust, maybe it's because I generally have a very bad view on pharmaceutical companies and also I disliked rigged games that are being preceived as being helpful. That in itself is predatory, there are many parties that are to blame for this but I think ultimately that's just the product of the type of environment we're in. No need to get too deep into it but this does shed more light on some things I refuse to compromise on and to bring awareness of situations like this.